ghost, cloud, expandoblock
mblocks, jets, conveyor
qm, fblock, bouncy block
 




New Obstacles:
	laser:
		pivot point (at top of screen? or anywhere? need a base) rotates to lock on. when touching for a second turn color and stop moving, half a second later expand to full laser (start green, turn purple, turn wide purple)

	'flame wall', 		

	circles
	rotating circles

	spin/stop/spin/stop block that launches you forward

	vines

	clouds

	jets (use transparent clouds? or use them for a megaparticle. make stream thin and concentrated or wide and expanding? vertical lines?)

	bubbles with arrows in them, including down, greatly redirects motion, but can still jump off them a little
	qm blocks
	qm blocks 2: lights out style!, or
		   : red/green. hit red, and all green invert, ie, ghost green become solid, solid green become ghost. hit green for same to red
	black/white on/off orbs: jump on or hit head, and everything connected to them switches on or off. draw the lines connecting the orb to the obstacles. fireballs pause in mid air!

	different colored falling blocks fblocks:
		white fblock for night level:
			like mblock but moves instaneously/discretely restricted to an eulerian grid
				moves in one direction (of 8) for 2/3/N spaces then bounces or starts at the beginning again
				moves up-right then up-left until it reaches the top of the screen, then wraps
				4 point circle. 8 point circle.
			?? darken a little bit before shifting, then relighten over a small amount of time after shifted
			?? snake. same, but with multiple blocks, each one shifted one behind in time
		
		giant thwomps (don't kill you, just push you)

	different colored fireballs:
		for fire world:
			use hardcore fireball (with only a hint of direction in png)
			gravity fireballs!
				if emitter is high, shoot them up just a little and out and have them fall
				if emitter is low, shoot them up and have them come back down
			!!! GIANT fireballs
		fire snake! (like nibbles) different periodic paths, or goes after bob, etc
		fire snake (curvy, follows sine curves, figure 8s, circles, big 3 leaf clover)
		tiny fireballs (emit more at once, trishot, etc, or they make patterns with themselves, like a weave)
		free floating emitter (style, or when you pump up the fball level)
		tracking fireball
		emitter tracks, fball doesn't
		emitter novas
		fireball novas after a few seconds

	different colored firespinners:
		fireball style (emitted off the screen)
			or from a regular fball emitter
			or a purple firespinner that emits red firespinners (they match up perfectly, but the red one has a velocity vector)
		rotating origin (like a jointed fspinner minus the inner fspinner)
			draw the inner firespinner transparent and different color?
		rotated 90 degrees ( .--- normal  .| rotated)
		variable length
		variable inner radius
		modulate both inner and out radius (the same so it seems like it moves, or inverted)
		with green lil blocks instead of fire. pushes you.
		stationary! (but longer?)
		tracking, to point towards the player
		reverse every period
		clockwork (8 angles, discrete) shake a little when it changes angles

	different colored blobs:
		styles: other paths: triangle, half a circle

		different types of paths: green is easy, doesn't move, blue is medium, line paths, pink is hard, crazy?
		red: fly toward you when you come close. Vector2 offset to store deviation from normal orbit, slowly decrease offset to converge back to basic orbit
			increase anim speed while dashing
		pink: fly away (straight down?) when you come close
		!!red: screen wraps top and bottom. different oscilations: straight, sine, square wave, triangle wave, cubic
			dash from one point to another, pause, repeat. zig zag upwards.
			nose dive from top of screen? then fly back up
			nose dive when they are above you, thwomp style
		!!blue: fly from right to left, can stand on but they sink. periodically move back to start position if not on screen
		orange: fly from right to left in 'line swarms', snake style. sine paths, etc

	different colored ghosts:
		different version:
			inverted = can stand on when invisible, not when visible
			can always stand on, invisible when you get close to them

		mix ghosts with clouds and conveyor belts?

		red spikey ghost
		expand/contract group
			horizontal, vertical, both
		appear, then move a short distance (rapidly?), then disappear
			note: make sure firespinner fades out with ghost. make 'fade' a general object core variable, that potentially any object can generate, making it easy to attach one object to another fading object


	different colored spikey guy:
		styles: swing upside down. dont swing left right, instead the chain pulls it up and down (for easier difficulty?)
		thwomp style, but can only rotate at a fixed radius
		two guys, chained together, spinning around
			OR, just one guy, firespinner style. difficulty increases number, so could be 2 orbiting opposite each other
		chain line: from two points, and the spikey guy goes back and forth
			style: linear on line, bouncing at end
				slamming, quick to one end, pause, quick back
				wait at one end until bob is close, then slam to other side and pause before being able to slam again
			the line can move, style:
				both points move in the same way: horizontal, vertical, circular
				one point is fixed, the other rotates around
				both points rotate around the center
		move towards bob, only if you're in range

	mblocks:
		stationary, but moves right when stepped on (style: ALL move right when ONE is stepped on) (potentially only so far, if so, show a wire that it is following. doesn't need to be horizontal?)
		moving, but stops when stepped on (style: ALL stop when ONE is stepped on)
		
		very wide and very long blocks. clip the bottom of the block like normal blocks
		width depends on mblock level, height too?
		style: square, thin, tall, very tall (level dependent)	

	spikes:
		fire walls, aka thick stationary firespinners
		piston, launches you
		lil spikey guy rolling around the block its on
		proximity timed mines (2 seconds after stepping on, or getting close)
		flame thrower (HORIZONTAL! covers the ground around it, in both directions)

	elevators:
		snake! (better if stays local, rather than screen wrapping)
		emitter! smaller and faster. platforms FADE after a small distance. COHERENT: imagine a firespinner of platforms, with the plats moving outward radially, but all colinear
		pendulum
		1/2/3/4 elevators orbiting a center point (make center point move?)