DUEL modes:
	survive longest
		with only fblocks and goombas

	survival
		on a long platform that moves up and down
		on a long platform that moves up when you push up, down when you push down
		on a long platform that moves up when you push right, down when you push left
		on a long platform that sinks when you're on it (fast if you dunk), but rapidly moves up when you are in the air
		tethered to a medium_block, use it to bash spikey guys and fireballs
	wind (with some forground whisphy line transparency, more transparent the weaker the wind), note: for cape, make sure it flags and waves, and enforce a length restriction on links
		wind survival
	
	tethered to an fblock, press B and it sticks to where it's at, jump on it and it falls and is pulled by bungee again
	tethered to a spikey guy! don't hit yourself or others!
	tethered to a mblock that moves through the whole level

	hallway of death: one long hallway, black above and below (use medium_blocks?), shit tons of firespinners etc. like sean connery in the Rock
	horizontal lasers, two of them, moving up and down, impinging Bob's range of motion. have guide laser to show where they are going?
		can be red lasers, that kill you
		can be blue lasers, that you can stand on

	fade to black. touch a 'coin' to pump the light back on a little
	pump up difficulty. touch a 'coin' to scale back difficulty a little

	left moving wall. with spikes on it, staggered like a block pyramid, oscilating as it moves forward (standing wave), moving vertical laser

	one platform (elevator style) that moves through entire level. show path it follows. computer tries to stay centered and above platform, but occasionally uses other things
		replace platform with an enclosed box

	

	duel, survival mode
	duel, by pushing people around (no obstacles, just moving blocks and such. no ground)
	duel, by jumping on peoples heads
	duel, 2v2, bungeed teams
	duel, split screen, survival, bungeed across the divider
	duel, by a spikey guy bungeed to you

	kill all blobs, (have coins or some marker to guide the player, two ahead, they appear as they are collected)
			(or, circle next few blobs, getting more and more transparent in the sequence)
		waves, galaga style. with a ground or something to stand on while you wait between waves
		survival, all blobs, more and more

	get all coins, can push people

	falling block duel (fblocks explode on impact? or just push you?)
	bungee, one motion get all coins
	doppleganger (middle safteynet, explode on contact)
	Green Giant (one big, invulnerable stickman, with a 'tree' that the other players stand on. all other platforms are insta death)
	Green Spacehsip! (same, with spaceship)
	betting (difficulty knob?)	
	one screen, box you are tethered to in center. time variant spring, to simulate the snap back effect?
	one screen, jetpack/triple, pick up fuel/jumps. ! before fuel appears
		'pow' buttons that invert gravity. just invert containedraw
	anti bungee
	shoulder brothers, all bobs on a pole that auto moves forward
	follow the leader (use block_medium). no prove.
	stickman hanging from jetpack with infinite fuel (jetpack is on the 'back' of an fblock)

	moving block maze

	raining falling blocks

	moving pillars. side by side, no gaps. ceiling as well.
		styles: ceiling exactly in phase with ground, not in phase, only ceiling is moving, only ground is moving
		if you get squished, blob-like explosion with the color of the player!
		code: when marking a block as used, erase all other blocks with same x-coordinate

	doppleganger (death on collision. computer uses divider saftey net.)
		styles: bungee! (with death on collision! uh..)
			anti-bungee, with no death on collision
			control each separately, pressing X to switch
				one in control is invulnerable. OR vis a versa			

	turn to a medium_block when ducking (pop animation) holding forward does nothing when falling

	nibbles! (train, with decent amount of space between bobs. train progresses over time OR proportional to bob's velocity. die if anyone gets hit)


	full edit (move only) puzzle

	mario 3 sliding match style game: press A to slide in half of one level, press B to slide in half of other, find correct match to get a possible level, then beat it (experiment with the way the parts slide in: up and then back down when going out, left to right, etc)

	two levels. draw both, then store them in buffers. draw the 'back' one as 50% bright, maybe fuzzy too. switch levels by pressing B. do switch gradually graphically

	cement shoes hero. can jump on fireballs. tons of fireballs coming from below, at rapid speed

	!!! hero switch: cycle through all the heros, changing every 4/3/2 seconds, depending on difficulty setting
		GOOD for last boss level!

New Heros:
	short tethered to a block you can jump off of
	ninja rope
	rocket block (can't jump. jet comes out from left or right. otherwise normal physics)
	blob! (tap or hold A to flap and go up, otherwise fall)
		or balrog wings (slightly different controls?)
	pinball/pogo
	wheel (infinite traction)
	antigrav (no jump, just A to reverse gravity. hit head on ceiling, don't need fancy reversal!)
	transcendence (different orbits, use all heros)
	opposite of transcendence (orbiting shield)
	old school (infinite accel, binary jump, no anims)
	supersheep
	doppleganger
	attempt style spaceship
	lunar lander spaceship
	spaceship galaga style with shield or gun
	turn into stone block
	ice man (asteroids style momentum)
	sprint (if we don't do powerups)
	dash
	float/hover
	teleport (transparent destination stickman)


BEST BOSS LEVELS: (random for each hero?)
		At begining: evil stickman shows up, laughs (actual sound), then flys off, screen rumbles, start
			on last level he will actively try to kill you (flying into you, throwing fireball (big sexy fireball from old version!))
		At end he will be there, growls, then disappears in a puff of smoke
	fireshoes (triple)
	hero rush
	nibbles, moving left wall (box)
	turn to stone block when ducking (box, sumo, reg)
	moving pillars (reg)
	fblock rain, going vertical? (jetman)
	moving left wall, falling ceiling, falling ceiling w/ rising floor (sumo)
	fade to black, coins for light 
	hallway of death (reg, sumo)
	horizontal lasers, vertical lasers
	moving box containing you (lil)
	tethered to an mblock (jetman, sumo, lil)
	spaceship: thrusters on! (possible for other heros too)

	a boss level has two parts. one part is is just one special thing, the second part (through a door) keeps that and adds something
		exampe:
			moving pillars, + fade to black
			hallway of death, + nibbles
			fireshoes, + horizontal lasers
			?
		some stand on their own, such as moving box
			



BEST BONUS LEVELS:
	doppleganger?
	kill all blobs ("waves")
	get all coins (with place blobs?! note -> for nonclassic hero place, don't show new blob until your jetpack power is over)
		difficulty because: coins are moving (big paths), time limit, flying blocks from off screen moving rapidly 
	survival (with place blobs?!)
		only have to survive so long, but extra time afterwards is added to your score to give you free lives
		code: have an elevator in center, and comp just abuses that, always trying to center itself
		layouts: all up elevators, alternating, all horizontal, # shape, sine wave, 2 sine waves that don't intersect
		or KISS!
			just have one arena, with a few static toponly plats, very symetrical. AI just fucks around, trying to stay roughly centered
					_   _   _   _
					  _   _   _
                			_   _   _   _

	IMPORTANT:
		each bonus level type cummulatively tracks what level of difficulty you are on for it
		get a star for every level you beat, up to 5 stars?
		3 lives. track lives across multiple games

	typed font on black screen:
		bonus, game type #27
		level 16

	icon:
		blob, gem, fireball