current favorite: idea 9, logo 2

logo 1:
	on white, with black letter box
	fade out to title screen, or fade a blue over it
		then scroll the camera, as if you were arriving at the title screen

logo 2:
	10x10 grid of blobs flys in on black blackground
	pause
	blobs start moving (move into their normal orbits)
	4 bobs fall in and kill them then fall off the screen (when making the level, count blobs, after 100 allow no more to be used)
	fade in pwnee (with "presents" down and right?)

idea 0:
	seperate wooden boards for each option, to the right of the screen. when selected the board gets bigger and moves out and up a little
	also have a giant flying blob next to the selected board?
	better on the left. closer to the top too
		leaves plenty of room for a computer survival
	slightler skew the options, so the top is further right than the bottom
		with the title at the very top reaching out even further right
	grass and pillars. or thin clouds. or a castle covering the BR triangle of the screen (and not the TL)

idea 1:
	pwnee logo is on black, then fade
		NOTE! can use computer playing as time to load art
	fade in a stickman on black, zoomed in. standing there for a second, then takes off running and jumping, camera follows tight
	can't see what he's jumping on
	fireballs and obstacles start appearing (have them pop in only if off screen)
	stickman is just running around a 1-screen survival arena
	slowly zoom out the camera to normal zoom
	press A and the menu comes down on the right
	if you select a different item on the menu, the obstacles in the arena change (with popping effect?)
	what happens when you select something?
		. The computer gets hit with a fireball, all the obstacles pop out
		. The computer tries to run off the screen. if he gets hit by a fireball in the process, kill him (normal death animation, or he explodes)
		. Scroll out (horizontall) the current level (keep the clouds) and scroll in a new 'level'. for career mode what is scrolled in is blankness
		. Horizontally shift the camera one screen to the right

idea 2:
	same as 1, but backdrop is a castle, with doors leading to various menu options
	when you press A all the obstacles pop out and you take control, doors open
	anyone can join at anytime, no char select screen
	when you go through a door you fade out, then the castle slides left and a new ones slides in from right, you fade in from door

idea 3:
	same as 2, but you just start playing on castle with no computer show off first

idea 4:
	same as 1, but as camera zooms out, slowly fade in normal title screen background
	no menu
	when you press A everything pops out
	slide in simple char select bubble
	when done selecting, pop stickman out of big stickman bubble
	when all done selecting, slide in menu castle, as in idea 2
	
idea 5:
	title screen is a castle? a tower? camera scroll quickly up and down the tower as you select up and down

idea 6:
	!!!!!!!!!!! awesome
	like idea 1, except instead of having the wooden menu on the right, have the items in the menu embeeded circularly throughout the one-screen level
	they are embedded as toponly platforms, and the computer can jump in front of them
	selecting different ones still changes the obstacle set

idea 7:
	like idea 6, except have all the menu options to the right (just without the wooden panel, something lighter or non-existant) (left justify the text?)
	only slide in the menu (slide in one item at a time, horizontall or vertically would look cool) AFTER pressing A to start
		in this way it might be OK to even center the menu, but on the side is still probably better

idea 8:
	intro scene: close up, running, music, wide castle piece survival (ontop of the clouds), menu comes down over it
			castle piece should cover width of screen? with some cool doors etc
		title = sexy cloudberrykingdom from trailer, fade in over full screen of 4 bobs dodging, then fade out
			after fading out, fade in PRESS A TO CONTINUE
			or title is pasted on a wall behind the action
		character select over it (pop out bob at begininng) when you select that bob pops into his respective place (have 4 computers playing, invisible)
		once all selected PRESS A TO CONTINUE
		for freeplay, a new castle is slid in, and the old one is slid out
		can control obstacle type (with dpad, jstick or buttons). don't pop in, just have only those new types of obstacles created off screen
		no woodmenu, take control of bob when you press A, slide in new castle first?
			5 doors: new game, free play, options, controls, exit
			when you go in a door, watch it close, then new castle slides in, bob comes out of a door

idea 9:
	as is, but menu is free floating (boards or fatty blue chat bubbles or score screen blue boxes)
	flying blob on either side of selected item, in addition to shadow and color change
	items come down from above like the rings in the stargate teleporter
	music is playing from beginning, no record scratch

	optional:  before menu comes down, do a slow pan across cloudberry village/kingdom, with a Press A to Start text
			continue pan behind menu when it is brought down

	OR: keep record scratch, skip PressAtoStart
