Key Things To Do:
	music? sound fxs are good
	hat room, achievements
	free windows demo, tetris style
	continuous stream style game play, and infinite mode (tetris style)
	nice transition between worlds (see "Transitions.txt")
	bosses, colorful change of scenery, many changes of obstacles, alternating game types (including bonus STYLE games, they could be normal levels)
	good way to end each level, and segue into next level, and segue into a boss, and segue into the next 'world'
	super simple plot intro, consider using not-in-game cinematics, aka moving still frames, comic book style
	rainbow level, with different color blocks from all the tilesets
	free play challenges, with high scores (local AND global). earn skins/hats for getting a high enough score
Would Be Nice:
	random multiplayer duel levels
	internet game, sprite style (just spinners, fireballs, buffalo blobs), tetris style infinite play. generate levels on server? (just make a giant list to sample from)
	sexy intro, titlescreen
	cool plot	
	battle modes
	cool way to end level
	save levels/replays. high score for those levels in freeplay (choose from a list of saved, with names and current high score and total attempts) TOTAL stats for that level

FUN:
	block hero (use pillar_xlarge?) press A to jump forward, no motion otherwise!
	one screen:
		wide outside castle piece in middle of screen. or hex mesh of toponly blocks. or topless castle piece with catwalks
		fireballs, or lasers, or flying fspinners, or exploding red blobs
		style: all from one direction (all 8 compass directions), or alternate every 5 seconds, or two opposing directions, or two/three random directions, or random
		flying coins (red rotating coins)
		add dunking
		4 computer tethered awesome video!!! continuous difficulty, start easy
		
		!! kill all bubbles/blobs: open sky bordered between two topless castle pieces
	connected mesh of obstacles: erase one and the top and bottom it is connected to become KeepIfUnused
		connect the mesh for every other obstacle
		only keep top, or bottom
	other tilesets (night time, cold aka blue outside, red outside, blue or r or g dungeon, red (or g or b) castle)
		red: with fireballs in background (more like meteors)
		ice: with icicles in background, and white haze in foreground
	scene transition, shrinking black circle
	flaming man
		(very little ground, almost all fballs. flaming man kills blobs from all sides)
	computer waits until not onground before jumping
	2nd run of computer goes an extra 1 seconds running right
	cool ladders, end pieces. use ladder as start piece for next levelpiece (for where the computer starts)
		wide topless castle pieces with catwalks to walk on
	active obstacle list (and wait10 list, wait20 list, wait30 list, or whatever). bob code and level phsx code loops through active list
		longer levels?
	teleport block (show connection with a blue laser)
	slow fall = demon wings
	tap to fly = angel wings 
	riding a blob OR holding onto a blob (1 or 2 hands), randomly choose between the two?
	superparticle for emitter and flamethrower
		!! . take emitter's emitter and render it. use that texture as the emitters single texture, and just scale it a bit when the emitter emits an fball
			how does it look in level? if not good consider:
				. over and under grill for fireball emitter
		flamethrower
		other types of fireballs
			use fireball emitter
		!! fire snake (curvy, follows sine curves, figure 8s, circles, big 3 leaf clover)
	fireball bob death animation
	bouncy block level (abstractify what you can) (use if not hitting the left side)
	hallway of death!
	tethered to a block
	vertical lasers on left and right (try first: placing left laser as far right as possible. try second: that's its target, accelerate to get there with max speed = bob's max speed. try third: calculate fasted constant vel such that laser never overtakes comp)
		ditto with lasers on top and bottom. then all 4!
	bubble obstacle (hover, top-to-bottom, elevator, other emitter type, attracted to bob, asteroids (neg-gravity))
	fblock = bumper (shift and make bigger when it bumps you) should stack with pinballman
	pinballman
	spikey guy, firespinner style.
	elevator on a line (chain) falls off at end
		comp stays close to elevator until it falls or for a prespecified period of time
		use outside tile set floating island (don't show chain? just go straight right, or straight in one direction once it is stood on)
	off angle lines. iced! rotating.
		use floating island
		in addition to storing ground_speed, also store ground_normal
	bouncy 45-degree angle lines. rotating! (use green fspinners! like an elastic line, it bounces out in the middle)
	clouds
	mblocks: none move unless one is stood on, then all move except that one. 
		mblock styles
	horizontal lasers (have a laser 'center' and an angle, instead of two end points)
		rotate, move
		style: roughly vertical. vertical. roughly horizontal. horizontal. axis aligned. 45 degrees. exactly X degrees from AA. random
	green fblock = expand and contract (ground speed: calculate for both ends of block, then interpolate between the two depending on bob's location)
	conveyor (based off of square tiles)
	spikey guy traversing a block's edge
		blob guy traversing


world toolbar:
	block dialog
		texture name (if dooddad, else grey it out)
		skills1,2,3
		toponly
		layer
		tileset
	save/saveas/load
	filter (like block dialog, specify strings that if matched will hide those blocks, or only show those)
		can have multiple filters open

hardcore level (do this first to test stability of making levels in background)
	some sort of queue system for levels that need to be made. can we have more than 1 core working on this if we have a long queue?
	struct or class for each entry in the queue containing: the levelseed data, the thread it's running on, a name?, a bool showing whether it is finished loading or not, pointer to the actual level
		gamedata should have the queue. use same code for handling the hardcore queue as a normal level that needs to create a new level to tag on to the end?
	ability to kill a level being made (load test this. press B to kill the first level in the queue)
	join the loading screen while waiting if need be
		the waiting screen should be able to accept a general delegate it checks constantly to see if the loading screen should disappear
button level
infinite level
	tie the levels together:
		first, just load the next level at the end of first. no transition.
		glue second level onto the end of the first when the level is finished (reset curphsxstep?)
		door
		line of blocks to explode
		super bounce

basic game: infinite level, switching up regular, hero, place, button, survival, kill-all, joystick-choice, boss
	opening level, balrog's castle. fight balrog. explosion. first level, fall in from sky
	change the scenery as the game progresses, in between bosses, with interesting transition end/begin pieces

ending pieces (a couple of different ones)
cooler LevelCleared (falls in, slanted, something)
simplified score screen (Press X for Stats [slide in]. Press Y for replay [slide in .5 s later]. Press B to save level. each on a blue transparent board)
	use small blue fatty dialogue boxes (3 of them) to show Coins/Attempts/Time. with the text to the left, not in the bubble
	on level stats don't show deaths by ___ if it is 0
	histogram of how far you got on each attempt (with 4 players each attempt will have 4 rectangles all on top of each other, of different color, layered so the shortest is on bottom)
	time line graph, showing how many bobs there were at one point in time (monotonically decreasing per piece) (with 4 players should draw 4 graphs on top of each other, with different color. color in solid below the line)
		or, instead of time, use distance
	graph of checkpoints snagged. or coins snagged. both monotonically increasing
	histogram of death by different obstacles. 9 fireballs 12 spikey, etc
don't lock camera at end, let player keep walking. walk far enough and score screen fades
	seg into next level: just keep walking, or a door, or a bouncy block, or a big wall you explode
preload next level
slightly longer pieces (see how long we can get away with and still safely load next level)
global flag for short levels (one short piece)
new ladders: can be a bit wider. at least one should be all blobs
	integrate ladders with computer replay

bosses
powerups
bonus games

compress replay data (only track changes in position, or every other position with linear interpolation in between)
draw all of same player all at once, for faster draw
increase max amount of replays
better replay GUI
	say PAUSE and dim screen when paused.
	allow for skipping back and forth to different checkpoints

level tiled in spikey guys (all in phase, or with no swing at all)
	all are keepifunused
	only make keepifunused if close to a spikey guy that was removed
	lines, circles, a big X, zigzag or sine wave
ditto with fireballs (emitters are off the screen). all vertical, alternate, all 45 degree angle. all emitters are in-phase, just at different heights
!! abstract the fill function for objects. different functions: one for use DURING the 2nd phase of the computer. make these part of a class that all objects inherit from? or just continue with obj interface)
	spikey guy has two fill functions. one for during 2nd phase, one for inbetween 1st and 2nd phase. and a flag that says which one to use (or both, or neither)


render anim to sprite_group		

synchronize periods. rather than by hand have a global (level) variable of the LCM of all periods allowed. for each period picked take the closest period that is equal to LCM / n for some n



!!!! door needs to be more apparent. add an exit sign? make score screen to the left? or door is centered and score is higher?
	total score gone


flying checkpoints
cheering cloudberries
when going in door, fade in, then wait a second, then go to doors destination



make princess: cape -> dress and hair
record input (version the save files!)
text over world "World 1", then fade
bob-bob interaction



style: if in air, keep jumping if < target_y + 200
style: dunk, while in air, while still


STORY IDEAS:
	angel stickman, for intro, flaps down on black background, 'wake up, bob. wake up.
		in a cave, all black. dripping water in back.
		angel lands 'wake up, bob. wake up. you have a destiny. you can't hide in this cave forever.'
		bob wakes up, angel runs off
		walks over to door, opens it, door sound, pop out in terrace, black door in a block
		walk around
		'i.. have a destiny?'
	devil stickman? bad guy you are working for?



notes: Y shouldnt be fastforward, or Y shouldnt start replay. say Paused
Achievements!
*finish space, or space location on free play
freeplay NEEDS suggestions, or AKA select difficulty and hit 'rnd', aka select from career mode types
unlockable halls of the castle, with my favorite level types, TJ's, etc.
*bigger todo about the num of stars you just earned, including note about affording a new world
**sumo world lags. because of all the doors?


fade to world (use timer) big font (not same as pimpmantastic) says World N /n Hero name (Stickman Bob)

comp doesnt land if still has jump juice left



replay: B = frame by frame. shoulders = scenes
big numbers on world doors? hero icons


says 'paused' when replay is paused (should have shadow? use Level Cleared font)


